I must have misplaced my ability to follow along today. Shall we switch gears?
Looks like my understanding took a coffee break. Want to chat about something else?
My brain seems to be buffering. Maybe we could try a new subject?
I think my focus wandered off. How about we pick another topic?
My attention span is on vacation. Care to discuss something different?
I seem to have left my reasoning at the door. Want to change the subject?
My mind is drawing a blank. Shall we talk about something else?
I must have forgotten how to process information today. How about a new topic?
My comprehension skills are out to lunch. Want to try a different conversation?
I think my ability to follow is on pause. Shall we move on to another topic?
My understanding seems to be on holiday. How about we discuss something else?
I must have misplaced my listening skills. Want to switch topics?
My brain is taking a nap. Care to talk about something different?
I seem to have left my logic at home. Shall we pick another subject?
My focus is wandering. How about we try a new topic?
I must have left my attention in another room. Want to chat about something else?
My comprehension is on break. Shall we switch to a different topic?
I think my understanding missed the memo. How about we discuss something new?
My mind is a bit foggy. Want to change the subject?
I must have left my ability to follow along in my other jacket. Shall we talk about something else?
My reasoning skills are on vacation. How about we pick a new topic?
I seem to have misplaced my focus. Want to try a different conversation?
My attention span is running low. Shall we switch gears?
I must have left my comprehension in my backpack. How about we discuss something else?
My brain is on standby. Want to talk about something different?
I think my understanding is out of order. Shall we pick another topic?
My logic seems to be missing. How about we try a new subject?
I must have left my attention at the last meeting. Want to switch topics?
My comprehension skills are snoozing. Shall we move on to something else?
I seem to have misplaced my reasoning. How about we discuss a different topic?
My mind is wandering off. Want to chat about something new?
I must have left my ability to follow at home. Shall we pick another subject?
My focus is on break. How about we try a different conversation?
I think my understanding is on vacation. Want to switch gears?
My attention span is taking a nap. Shall we talk about something else?
I must have left my comprehension in my other bag. How about we discuss something new?
My brain is buffering again. Want to change the subject?
I seem to have misplaced my logic. Shall we pick another topic?
My reasoning skills are out to lunch. How about we try a new subject?
I must have left my attention at the coffee shop. Want to switch topics?
My comprehension is on holiday. Shall we move on to something else?
I think my understanding is on pause. How about we discuss a different topic?
My mind is a bit cloudy. Want to chat about something new?
I must have left my ability to follow in my other pants. Shall we pick another subject?
My focus is wandering off. How about we try a different conversation?
My attention span is on break. Want to switch gears?
I seem to have misplaced my comprehension. Shall we talk about something else?
My reasoning skills are snoozing. How about we discuss something new?
I must have left my understanding at home. Want to change the subject?
My brain is taking a break. Shall we pick another topic?
I think my logic is on vacation. How about we try a new subject?
My attention span is running away. Want to switch topics?
I must have left my comprehension in my other shirt. Shall we move on to something else?
My mind is buffering. How about we discuss a different topic?
My focus is out to lunch. Want to chat about something new?
I seem to have misplaced my reasoning. Shall we pick another subject?
My comprehension skills are on break. How about we try a different conversation?
I must have left my understanding at the last meeting. Want to switch gears?
My brain is on vacation. Shall we talk about something else?
I think my logic is snoozing. How about we discuss something new?
My attention span is on holiday. Want to change the subject?
I must have left my comprehension in my other bag. Shall we pick another topic?
My mind is taking a nap. How about we try a new subject?
My focus is buffering. Want to switch topics?
I seem to have misplaced my understanding. Shall we move on to something else?
My reasoning skills are on break. How about we discuss a different topic?
I must have left my ability to follow at the coffee shop. Want to chat about something new?
My comprehension is on pause. Shall we pick another subject?
My brain is snoozing. How about we try a different conversation?
I think my logic is on break. Want to switch gears?
My attention span is taking a holiday. Shall we talk about something else?
I must have left my comprehension in my other jacket. How about we discuss something new?
My mind is running low. Want to change the subject?
My focus is on vacation. Shall we pick another topic?
I seem to have misplaced my reasoning. How about we try a new subject?
My comprehension skills are buffering. Want to switch topics?
I must have left my understanding at home. Shall we move on to something else?
My brain is on break. How about we discuss a different topic?
I think my logic is snoozing. Want to chat about something new?
My attention span is on pause. Shall we pick another subject?
I must have left my comprehension in my other pants. How about we try a different conversation?
My mind is on holiday. Want to switch gears?
My focus is taking a nap. Shall we talk about something else?
I seem to have misplaced my understanding. How about we discuss something new?
My reasoning skills are running low. Want to change the subject?
I must have left my ability to follow at the last meeting. Shall we pick another topic?
My comprehension is on vacation. How about we try a new subject?
My brain is buffering. Want to switch topics?
I think my logic is on break. Shall we move on to something else?
My attention span is snoozing. How about we discuss a different topic?
I must have left my comprehension in my other shirt. Want to chat about something new?
My mind is taking a break. Shall we pick another subject?
My focus is on holiday. How about we try a different conversation?
I seem to have misplaced my reasoning. Want to switch gears?
My comprehension skills are running away. Shall we talk about something else?
I must have left my understanding at the coffee shop. How about we discuss something new?
My brain is on pause. Want to change the subject?
My logic is snoozing. Shall we pick another topic?
My attention span is on break. How about we try a new subject?
